Inventory adjustments (#38)
msupply-foundation/msupply_docs: content/docs/inventory/stock_takes.md

![Stocktake: new](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_newstocktake.png)

A window appears, where you can opt to create a stocktake based on items in a master list, items in a particular location, items that are in stock, expiring items, or an empty stocktake:

![Stocktake: New modal](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_newmodal.png)

Click on OK when you have selected the option you would like.

The stocktake will then be created, and existing stock lines will be used to populate the values for batch, expiry, pack size and snapshot number of packs. The lines show as light blue, and will change to black when a value is entered for the counted quantity.

![Stocktake with placeholders](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake-placeholders.png)

<div class="tip">
Don't worry if an item is missing from your newly created stocktake. You will have the possibility to add more items to your stocktake afterwards. 
</div>

### Entering counted packs

> To start entering stocktake data for an item, click on the stocktake row you would like to edit. A window appears, where you can enter the counted number of packs. You can also update other data from this window, like the expiry date, or pricing or location information for a particular batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start entering stocktake data for an item, click on the stocktake row you would like to edit. A window appears, where you can enter the counted number of packs. You can also update other data from this window, like the expiry date, pricing or location information for a particular batch.
```

![Stocktake edit window](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_edit.png)

You can use the `Add batch (+)` button to add more batches of a particular item during your stocktake. This will add a new blank row, where you can enter batch information and the counted number of packs.

![Stocktake add batch](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_add_batch.png)

<div class="note">You are not able to edit the pack size of stocktake rows which are linked to an existing stock line. If you wish to repack, follow the instructions in <a href="/docs/inventory/stock-view/#repacking-stock">Repack</a>.</div>

### Entering reasons

If you have [inventory adjustment options](https://docs.msupply.org.nz/preferences:options?s[]=reasons) configured in your central server, then you are required to enter a reason when the `counted packs` specified does not match the snapshot packs.

> For example, after entering `95` for the counted quantity of this batch Amoxicillin 250mg tabs, a red \* will appear to the right of the `Reason` input, and you will need to select one of the negative inventory adjustment reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, after entering `95` for the counted quantity for Amoxicillin 250mg tabs - batch 166893, a red \* will appear to the right of the `Reason` input, and you will need to select one of the negative inventory adjustment reasons:
```

Hmmm, idk just playing around with words...

![Stocktake reasons](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_reasons.png)

If you try to save the stocktake row without entering a reason you will see an error:

![Stocktake reasons error](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_reasons_error.png)

and the stocktake row that requires a reason to be entered will be highlighted in red as shown below.

![Stocktake reasons error highlight](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_reasons_error_highlight.png)

### Adding items

> If an item was not included in the generated stocktake rows when you created your stocktake, you can add it manually. Click the `Add Item` button in the top right of your screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an item was not included in the generated stocktake rows when you created your stocktake, you can add it manually by clicking the `Add Item` button in the top right of your screen.
```

![Stocktake add item](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_add_item.png)

An `Add Item` window will appear, where you can select the item you would like to add to your stocktake.

![Stocktake add item window](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_add_item_modal.png)

Once you select an item, stocktake rows will be generated for any batches of that item with stock, and you can carry out your stocktake data entry as above.

![Stocktake add item with batches](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_newitem_with_batches.png)

> If there are no batches with stock for that item, your batch list will be blank. You can use the `Add batch (+)` button to add a new blank row, enter the batch information and the counted number of packs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are no batches with stock for that item, your batch list will be blank. You can use the `Add batch (+)` button to add a new blank row where you can enter the batch information and the counted number of packs.
```

Sounded weird to me for some reason. Tried to make it sound smoother but maybe it isn't? 👀

![Print button](/docs/introduction/images/print_button.png)

This will either:

- Create a PDF immediately, if there is only one `Stocktake` report configured
- Show a menu of possible reports for you to select from before creating a PDF. This will happen if there is more than one report defined for the `Stocktake` report type.

![Print menu](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_print_menu.png)

## Filtering lines

The list of stocktake lines can get very long if you have a large stocktake. To make working with the stocktake easier to manage, you can filter the list by item name or code.

In the `Filter items` search field, simply enter some or all of an item code:

![Filter by code](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_filter_code.png)

Or, enter some of an item's name:

![Filter by code](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_filter_name.png)

You can also group the lines by item by enabling the `Group by item` switch.

## Bulk actions

Sometimes you may want to make changes to many or all of the lines in your stocktake. Bulk actions are available for some of these changes.

### Change location

> Use the checkbox column to select the lines you wish to change the location for. Then you can select `Change location of lines` from the `Actions` dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the checkbox column to select the lines you wish to change the location for. Then select the `Change location of lines` from the `Actions` dropdown.
```

![Stocktake actions](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_actions.png)

> This will bring up a window where you can select which location you would like to change these stock to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will bring up a window where you can select which location you would like to move the stock lines to:
```

toying with the idea of using stock lines even if we don't use it anywhere else...

![Stocktake change location](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_change_location.png)

Select a location and press OK. All selected stock lines will now have an updated location.

### Reduce number of packs to 0

> Use the checkbox column to select the lines you wish to reduce to 0. Then you can select `Reduce lines to 0` from the `Actions` dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the checkbox column to select the lines you wish to reduce to 0. Then  select the `Reduce lines to 0` from the `Actions` dropdown.
```

![Stocktake action reduce to 0](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_action_reduce_to_0.png)

This will bring up a confirmation popup:

![Stocktake reduce to 0](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_reduce_0.png)

> If inventory adjustment reasons are configured from the central server, you will also be required to supply the reason for reducing the stock level:

Reviewer: maybe link to mSupply reasons set up page?

![Stocktake reduce to 0 select reason](/docs/inventory/images/stocktake_reduce_0_reason.png)

Select a reason and press OK. All selected stock lines will now have a `Counted packs` value of 0.

### Deleting stocktake lines

> Use the checkbox column to select the lines you wish to delete. Then you can select `Delete selected lines` from the `Actions` dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the checkbox column to select the lines you wish to delete. Then  select the `Delete selected lines` from the `Actions` dropdown.
```
